Include attribution config in docs (#98)
TeachBooks/TeachBooks: docs/source/external.rst

      content: "\f10d";
   }

> Note that when making a change for the configuration locally, those are not incorporated to existing external content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that, when making a changes for the configuration locally they are not incorporated to existing external content.
```
